>> SIR, CAN I HELP YOU?
WHAT'S YOUR BUSINESS AT THE
WHITE HOUSE?
>> I HAVE A TOUR OF THE WHITE
HOUSE.
>> DO YOU HAVE YOUR DRIVER'S
LICENSE AND IDENTIFICATION TOO.
>> YES, I DO.
>> I NOTICE YOU'RE SWEATING FROM
YOUR BROW.
>> James: IT'S A WARM DAY.
I THINK I MIGHT BE IN THE WRONG
PLACE.
I'M ON BREAK.
I HOST A TV SHOW "THE LATE LATE
SHOW."
>> TURN THE ENGINE OFF, PLEASE.
>> I'M GOING TO BACK UP.
I'M IN THE WRONG PLACE.
>> SIR, DO NOT BACK UP.
PUT THE CAR IN DRIVE AND GO TO
THE RIGHT, PLEASE AND I'LL GIVE
YOU FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS ONCE
YOU GET UP THERE.
>> James: OH, MY GOD.
I SHOULD NOT DO TOURISTY THINGS.
>> HEY, THERE.
I HEAR YOU'RE HERE AND I HAVE
TIME SO WANT TO GO FOR A SPIN?
>> James: WELL, YOU'RE GOING TO
DO THE 1:45?
>> SURE, YOU'RE A SPECIAL GUEST
AND I HAVE A FEW MINUTES.
>> James: THIS IS CRAZY.
WELL LET'S TAKE A SPIN THEN.
I WASN'T EXPECTING THIS.
>> THIS IS THE WHITE HOUSE AND
WE'RE PASSING THE ROSE GARDEN.
THIS IS THE OVAL OFFICE.
MY HUSBAND IS IN THERE
SOMEWHERE.
>> James: IS HE THERE NOW?
>> HE BETTER BE.
THAT'S WHERE HE SAID HE WAS.
DO YOU CARE IF WE LISTEN TO MUE
MUSIC.
I RARELY GET TO LISTEN TO MUSIC.
>> James: LET'S SEE WHAT WE GOT.
>> LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
DID YOU KNOW STEVIE WONDER'S MY
FAVORITE.
>> James: HE'S THE BEST.
OH YEAH BABY, LIKE A FOOL I WENT
AND STAYED TOO LONG
NOW I'M WONDERING IF YOUR LOVE'S
STILL STRONG
OO BABY, HERE I AM, SIGNED,
SEALED DELIVERED, I'M YOURS
THEN THAT TIME I WENT AND SAID
GOODBYE
NOW I'M BACK AND NOT ASHAMED TO
CRY
OO BABY, HERE I AM, SIGNED,
SEALED DELIVERED, I'M YOURS
HERE I AM BABY
OH, YOU'VE GOT THE FUTURE IN
YOUR HAND
SIGNED, SEALED DELIVERED, I'M
YOURS
HERE I AM BABY,
AH, YOU'VE GOT THE FUTURE IN
YOUR HAND
SIGNED, SEALED, DELIVERED, I'M
YOURS
>> James: OH, MY GOD.
>> I LOVE STEVIE WONDER.
I THINK I KNOW EVERY STEVIE SONG
ON THE PLANET.
>> James: WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU HAD A GOOD ROCK OUT IN THE
CAR?
>> MONTHS AGO WITH MY DAUGHTER
WHO LEARNED TO DRIVE AND WE
ROCKED OUT BUT IT'S BEEN SEVEN
HALF YEARS.
IT'S VERY MUCH A TREAT.
>> James: WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO
MISS THE MOST?
OK, TWO QUESTIONS.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO MISS AND
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO
ACCIDENTALLY SLIP IN YOUR BAG?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I'VE BEEN HERE LIKE FIVE MINUTES
AND I HAVE MY EYE ON A COUPLE OF
BITS.
I'M NOT GOING TO LIE.
JUST A COUPLE THINGS.
>> DON'T STEAL ANYTHING.
>> James: I'M NOT STEALING.
IT'S A VERY DIFFERENT THING.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO MISS THE
MOST?
>> I'M GOING TO MISS THE PEOPLE.
THESE ARE PEOPLE THAT YOU SEE
EVERY SINGLE DAY.
THEY HELP YOU, THEY LOVE YOU.
YOU KNOW THEIR FAMILIES AND TO
WALK AWAY FROM PEOPLE THAT YOU
SEE EVERY SINGLE DAY THAT'S
GOING TO BE HARD.
>> James: YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
MISS LIKE 24-HOUR ROOM SERVICE?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT, THAT'S NICE.
>> James: LIKE I WANT A GRILLED
CHEESE AT 3:00 A.M.
>> THAT'S NICE BUT THE FREEDOM
WE'LL GET FOR THE PRIVILEGE AND
LUXURIES FOR SEVEN AND A HALF IS
ENOUGH I CAN MAKE MY OWN GRILLED
CHEESE.
I CAN MAKE A MEAN GRILLED
CHEESE --
>> James: NO ONE WANT TO GO DOWN
AT 3:00 A.M.
>> IT'S NICE.
THOUGH YOU RARELY DO THAT
THOUGH.
>> James: I WOULD.
I'D BE LIKE, MARK, THE USUAL.
IT'S 3:00 A.M.
I WANT A GRILLED CHEESE.
>> THAT'S THE 3:00 A.M. PHONE
CALL YOU'LL BE PREPARED FOR.
ALL THE SINGLE LADIES,
ALL THE SINGLE LADIES NOW PUT
YOUR HANDS UP
UP IN THE CLUB,
WE JUST BROKE UP
I'M DOING MY OWN LITTLE THING.
DECIDED TO DIP AND NOW YOU WANNA
TRIP
'CAUSE ANOTHER BROTHER NOTICED
ME
I'M UP ON HIM, HE UP ON ME
DON'T PAY HIM ANY ATTENTION
JUST CRIED MY TEARS, FOR THREE
GOOD YEARS
YOU CAN'T GET MAD AT ME
'CAUSE IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULD HAVE PUT A RING ON IT
IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULDA PUT A RING ON IT
DON'T BE MAD ONCE YOU SEE THAT
HE WANT IT
'CAUSE IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULDA PUT A RING ON IT
OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH
OH
IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU SHOULD
HAVE PUT A RING ON IT
IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU T BE
MAD ONCE YOU SEE THAT HE WANT IT
DON'T BE MAD ONCE YOU SEE THAT
HE WANT IT
IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULDA PUT A RING ON IT
I GOT GLOSS ON MY LIPS, A MAN ON
MY HIPS
GOT ME TIGHTER IN MY CARRY-ON
JEANS
ACTING UP, DRINK IN MY CUP
I CAN CARE LESS WHAT YOU THINK
I NEED NO PERMISSION, DID I
MENTION
DON'T PAY HIM ANY ATTENTION
'CAUSE YOU HAD YOUR TURN, AND
NOW YOU GONNA LEARN
WHAT IT REALLY FEELS LIKE TO
MISS ME
'CAUSE IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULD HAVE PUT A RING ON IT
IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULDA PUT A RING ON IT
DON'T BE MAD ONCE YOU SEE THAT
HE WANT IT
'CAUSE IF YOU LIKED IT, THEN YOU
SHOULDA PUT A RING ON IT
OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH
>> WHAT CAN YOU SAY?
>> James: WE WERE BOTH FULLY IN
THE BEEHIVE.
>> WE DROPPED THE MIC.
WE WERE MAKING HONEY.
WE WERE MAKING HONEY TO PUT IN
OUR LEMONADE.
>> James: CAN WE TALK ABOUT
SECRET SERVICE CODE NAMES?
>> YEAH.
>> James: WHAT IS YOURS?
>> I'M RENAISSANCE AND BARACK IS
RENEGADE.
>> James: DO YOU GET TO CHOOSE
IT AND YOU SAY I WANT TO BE
RENAISSANCE?
THE PRESIDENT'S LIKE RENEGADE.
>> YOU'RE ASSIGNED A LETTER IN
THE ALPHABET.
>> James: IT'S GOT TO BE A
LETTER?
>> THEY SAID DO YOU LIKE IT AND
I'M LIKE WHATEVER.
>> James: CAN I HAVE A CODE NAME
IN THE CAR?
>> LET'S PICK ONE FOR YOU.
>> James: I WAS THINKING PAPA
SMURF AND RENAISSANCE ARE IN THE
CAR.
>> PAPA SMURF --
>> James: OR TIRAMISU.
>> AND
>> James: I'LL BE LIKE RENEGADE
AND HE'S LIKE TIRAMISU.
>> OK.
>> James: NOW YOU'VE LAUNCHED A
SNAPCHAT.
>> YEAH.
>> James: WHAT MADE YOU WANT TO
GET IN THE OLD SNAPCHAT.
>> WE'RE DOING A REALLY
IMPORTANT TRIP TO LIBERIA,
MOROCCO AND SPAIN TO LAUNCH MY
INITIATIVES CALLED LET GROWTH
LEARN AND WE'RE FOCUSSED ON TRIG
TO GET GIRLS AROUND THE WORLD
EDUCATED.
THERE'S 62 MILLION GIRLS
WORLDWIDE THAT AREN'T IN SCHOOL
FOR A VARIETY OF DIFFERENT
REASONS.
SO MUCH CAN BE CORRECTED IN THE
WORLD IF GIRLS WERE EDUCATED AND
HAD POWER OVER THEIR LIVES.
MY MESSAGE TO KIDS HERE IS DON'T
TAKE YOUR EDUCATION FOR GRANTED
BECAUSE THERE ARE GIRLS AROUND
THE WORLD WHO WOULD DIE TO GET
THE EDUCATION THAT WE HAVE.
THEY WOULD DO ANYTHING.
THEY WOULD MAKE MOUNTAINS TO DO
IT AND UP WANT BOYS AND GIRLS TO
BE ACARE AND SNAPCHAT.
>> James: I THINK IT WOULD BE
INTERESTING IF HE'S TRYING TO
DIFFUSE A SITUATION AND SAYS I
KNOW WHAT WILL MAKE JOE LAUFR
LAUGH.
I'LL SEND HIM THE PIGGY VOMIT OR
WHEN HE GOES TO HILLARY CLINTON
HE'S LIKE LET'S DO THE FACE
SWAP.
>> I MIGHT BE BE THE TEST CASE.
>> James: MAY BE A GOOD WAY TO
BRING DOWN BIR BARRIERS
>> MY SONG.
THIS IS FOR MY GIRLS.
[♪]
PUT YOUR HANDS UP HIGH.
THIS MIGHT BE WHY.
THIS IS HOW I GO.
THIS IT FOR MY GIRLS ALL AROUND
THE WORLD
STAND UP, HOLD YOUR HEAD UP
THIS IT FOR MY GIRLS
FOR MY LADIES AND MY SISTERS
>> James: MISSY ELLIOTT.
HOW ARE YOU?
>> WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> James: SO YOU'RE IN THE SONG?
YOU'RE FORMING A SQUAD HERE?
>> WE HAVE OUR GIRL POWER SQUAD
AND WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
EDUCATION.
EDUCATION ALL OVER THE WORLD,
RIGHT?
>> EVERYWHERE.
>> WE FEEL BLESSED TO HAVE MISSY
ON THE SONG.
>> James: I FEEL LIKE MISSY WE
CAN'T HAVE YOU IN THE CAR
WITHOUT TAKING IT BACK.
[♪]
MISSY BE PUTTIN' IT DOWN
I'M THE HOTTEST 'ROUND
I TOLD Y'ALL MOTHER-OOH
Y'ALL CAN'T STOP ME NOW
LISTEN TO ME NOW
I'M LASTING TWENTY ROUNDS
AND IF YOU WANT ME THEN COME AND
GET ME NOW
IS YOU WITH ME NOW?
THEN BIGGIE-BIGGIE-BOUNCE
I KNOW YOU DIG THE WAY I
SW-SW-SWITCH MY STYLE
HOLLA
PEOPLE SING AROUND
NOW PEOPLE GATHER 'ROUND
NOW PEOPLE JUMP AROUND
GO, GET UR FREAK ON
GO, GET UR, GET UR, GET UR, GET
UR, GET UR FREAK ON
SPIT IT OUT
IN YOUR FACE.
OPEN YOUR MOUTH AND GIVE YOU A
TASTE.
TALK TO ME
DON'T COPY ME
I KNOW YOU FEEL ME NOW
I KNOW YOU HEAR ME NOW
GO, GET UR FREAK ON
GO, GET UR, GET UR, GET UR, GET
UR, GET UR FREAK ON
>> James: CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE
LOCKER?
>> I FELT THE SPIRIT.
>> OK, Y'ALL, I HAVE TO GET OUT
OF HERE.
>> GIRL, ENJOY.
>> James: THE 155 TOUR.
SEE YOU MISSY.
SEE YOU SOON.
>> GET YOUR FREAK ON.
>> I DON'T WANT TO GO.
I GOTTA GO.
>> James: OH, MY WORD.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU, JAMES.
THIS WAS A JOY AND I HOPE YOU
LIKED THE TOUR.
>> James: WHAT A TOUR.
>> I'M SORRY.
I SHOULD HAVE GIVEN YOU MORE
FACT AND FIGURES.
>> James: NO, I GOT ALL THE
FIGURES.
>> THE SINGING GOT IN OUR WAY.
>> James: THANK YOU SO MUCH.
A HUGE THANK YOU -- HOW COOL IS
THE FIRST LADY, MICHELLE OBAMA.
CRAZY.
BE SURE TO FOLLOW HER ON
SNAPCHAT AND A MASSIVE THANK YOU
TO MISSY ELLIOTT AND AOL'S
MAKERS FOR PRODUCING THE
BRILLIANT TUNE THIS IS FOR MY
GIRLS ON iTUNES NOW GO AND
DOWNLOAD IT.
IT'S A BRILLIANT GROUP.
IF YOU WANT TO LEARN MORE ABOUT
THE SONG AND LET GIRLS LEARN GO